Monitoring is important for any application,
but AWS gives you some powerful tools that give you insight
into how your serverless applications work.
Without X‑Ray,
it would be difficult to properly troubleshoot many of the
issues inherent in a distributed application.
Indeed,
the creation of the X‑Ray service makes it even more practical to
invest in microservice architecture in AWS.
Let's take a look at what we covered in this module.
We started with a high‑level explanation of the X‑Ray service before
moving on to the specifics of tracing. With that knowledge under our
belt, we configured X‑Ray tracing for API Gateway and a lambda
function. Once that was complete, we created a CloudWatch alarm to
watch for errors on our lambdas and took a look at what other alarms
were possible.
Finally,
we removed all the demo resources to avoid a costly AWS
bill. And that's it for this course, AWS Developers:
Serverless Architecture and Monitoring.
If you've watched the entire AWS Developer path here, at Pluralsight, then
you certainly deserve a reward for reaching the end.
At this point, you should have all the knowledge to try your hand at
the AWS Developer Associate Certification exam.
It would be useful to go back through some of the content to study and take a
look at some of the study materials provided by AWS as well.
Best of luck if you're going to take the exam, and I hope to see you again. Thanks so much for watching.